What is Java
What are the features of Java?
What are the new features released in Java 8?
What are the new features released in Java 11?
What are the new features released in Java 14?
What are the new features released in Java 17?
What do you mean by Constructor and what are the different types of Constructor available in java?
What do are the different types of variables available in Java?
What do you mean by Class?
What do you mean by Object?
What are the different types of Polymorphism?
Explain the concept with real world examples?
What do you mean by Interface?
How is an interface different from an abstract class?
What do you mean by Arrays?
How is String different from an array?
How is a string stored internally?
Why are Strings called immutable?
What do you mean String pool?
What the difference between String, StringBuilder, String Buffer?
Being a Java Developer yourself, what is that one problem which you encountered and how you solved using Java?
What do you Thread Safe Collection?
What do you mean by Collections?
How does Collections.sort work internally and which sorting algo does it use?
How does a HashMap work internally?
What is the difference between an array and an ArrayList?
What do you mean by the synchronised block?
What are the 5 methods available in Object class?
How does sleep() differs from yield()?
What do you mean by transient variable?
How does JVM, JDK and JRE differ?
What do you mean by maker interface, give some commonly used maker interface?
What are the different types of Class Loader available in Java?
why Java doesnot supports multiple inheritance?
Can you overload the main method?
Difference between final, finalize and finally?
Difference between throw, throws?
What are the functions present in the Exception class?
Why is main method static and what is the purpose of static method?
What is the difference between super & super()?
What is the impact of declaring a class, function, variable as final?
Can you declare a class to be static?
What do you mean by Exception?
What is the class hierarchy of exception?
How do you define a class as immutable?
How do you define a class as Singleton?
The lifecyle of a thread?
Real world example of use of thread?
What is the difference between Runnable interface and Thread class?
